# Sepetember 18th: First day writing again

This is the first day in a long time that I write to my diary. I do not know how many times that I have written these lines. But I am pretty sure that it is well over 10 times already. This semester just ended. And I felt empty inside. Because I now have 3 weeks of rest. It is similar to the feeling when you finish a video game or a movie or long line of books. I just do not know what to feel. It is so surreal. The logical mind in me always tell me that there is always things to do. You just don't focus on the right things. You/myself only focus on distractions. Near-sighted goals decided by my emotional side. The naughty boy who only wants to play, and no work. I sometimes I hate that kid. That kid always try his best to hide from the reality of life by cowering through the virtual worlds of video games that he interacts with. Sometimes, that kid want to hide behind everything he could find to make him less stress. But deep down, that kid knows he has to be in touch with reality. Or he has to face it and get slapped by it hard in the face. Like a guy on Twitch who keeps gambling and borrowing money from people he knows and keep repeating the same tired cycle over and over again. If it can happen to one person, it can happen to everybody. That's a reminder that I may take note for a few minutes before forgetting it. I do this diary because I want to express myself and I want to practice having a working schedule. Not do work that have just popped in my head. Because it only works for task that can be done short-term like washing the dishes, for example. Other tasks like preparing for presentation/tests/projects require multiple weeks because it takes a lot of planning and work. Getting a dream job is another thing. It takes years, and consistent effort to achieve it. Let's talk about my feelings. When I see the story my ex posted. I envisioned a scenario where I could meet her, talk to her and even have sex with her. I know it is the desire to have sex, it makes me blind. Upon further inspection, I know she is not in Ho Chi Minh and I learn that I should only talk to her as a friend or I should not. Don't expect to get back what you have lost. I had the desire to cut off with her for a long time, and I must honor it. The real reason that I want to get back with her is only selfishness. I want to be loved, I want to desired and I want to have sex. That's what my instinct craves me to do. Because I feel so lonely, I want someone to lift me up from this state. BUt you know me, I did not put the effort back. I just accept the rewards like an entitled bitch/karen. Love must go both way. So what do I do for the next 3 weeks? As of writing this, I honestly don't know. But I will figure out. To somewhat alleviate the sadness, I should always put more time into sports and activities. I know it won't fully heal the wound that I have after the breakup. But it will make me forget that sadness for a little bit. And every little bit helps. Should I talk to her through messenger? That's the biggest question. I should just use the procrastinator method. "I will decide later." And I must use at least 15 minutes tomorrow to write the diary

